I would like to make a special announcement before I announce the war of the land army.
The o satisfy our Jeju killed the king
on the 12th.
I recipe you Daishen Work Lotion, which will be asked,
because strange people are not taking
to a public beaucoup addressed Dass!
Yiran We or by Zen'wan
when matches L Parkinson's and Catherine Di
and when high politics is notwendous,
we must be more dedicated to cover Si참active
as well as,
wrist accuracy to the
pinkey of the
I prepared this paper for all subordinates, and presented it to you.
I will discuss theyunoffense laner and its action in detail.
About bringing the garden House,
The imperial government is notbenignlylanding throughout the Under erst格Manaman toWar
First, I would like to wish you a happy new year.
Please give us your great cambolus by fighting fist lawyer Ryu M香.
Thank you for watching!